the route the con cover the smart smart
oven submission station samsung smart
oven microwave oven and broil all in one
he's thankful with this oven you can use
samsung smart of an ass select a recipe
or care that I wanted to roast a chicken
it's like that prepare the chicken that
you normally would for your regular oven
when you are ready to bake it all you
have to do is hit this little big fun
and it's going to send all the baking
information over here to the oven so
with that of your time your temperatures
your bears stages if you need to
microwave for a certain portion and then
bake and then broil it alert the oven to
do all that for you and then what is
completed the whole time and your
dinners prepared
to do it does is it offers you more
cooking options utilizing the Flex duo
smart divider so the great thing with
the Flex do a smart divider is you get
the boat best of both worlds you get the
flexibility of the 5.9 cubic foot single
oven but you also get the flexibility of
a double oven when you need it so by
just heating up the upper portion you
know for the things that you would cook
on a normal everyday basis like let's
say pizza chicken nuggets things like
that instead of heating up that filled
5.9 cubic foot oven capacity just heat
up this upper portion and you're going
to save approximately thirty-five
percent in energy savings instead of
thinking of an entire other one of the
nice things too is it is dual convection
so you have connection in the upper
portion and the lower portion as well
looking through different items with the
so you could do two different items at
the same time you can do an upper
portion lower portion up or only lower
overall as well absolutely
and also with induction the great thing
with induction is induction cooking
allows you to save energy and it also is
safer because your cooktop is not
actually what's heating up the pots and
pans so it's safer it doesn't get up if
you something spills over since your
cooktops not hot it's not going to
school right into it as well no fear of
touching you right to touching it you
also have boiler with nice about the
boil alert is you know with induction
cooking cooking so fast I know you put
this on there you put your spaghetti
noodles in there instead of it you know
boiling over when you set the boil or
it's actually going to be better give
you a series of beeps when it's hitting
a boil but you can also do a preset
setting in there so if you wanted to go
to a boil and then drop to a simmer I
can hit well or hit my is a simmer and
then my sent temperature so once it hits
that boil it automatically will drop
down
thank you absolutely alright I'm here
with my klein and recovering samsung
Martha way so what's the speed up in
what's great about it is not only have a
bake of convection bake option rose but
you also have browning you open it up
you'll see that we have the ceramic
enamel interior so when you have things
like you know when you're heating up
spaghetti no leftover spaghetti us get
their spaghetti splatters and you know a
conventional plastic interior hard to
clean with the ceramic enamel and spill
overs very easy to wipe off you've got
the LED cooktop lighting which is going
to give you a brighter more efficient
lighting on to your cooktop but also in
those times when you need to clean out
your filter one push pop out clean up
filter
thank you abs